So this concludes the section of the course on Spring rest stocks.
As you can see it's a very very capable tool.
There's a lot a lot of features to it.
Obviously I wasn't able to explore every one.
Highly recommend you go and check out the documentation.
There's a lot to it.
And with the ASCII doctor stuff you can really customize look and feel of your documentation.
So it's a great tool.
It's also very spring specific so does a great job for documenting API is.
Now there are other tools for documenting API is actually we'll have opinions on that.
If you are not happy with what Russ docs some people really don't like it.
So another great tool to check out is open API.
It's formerly known as swagger but is now our version three is open API and this is a very very robust
tool.
Actually I'm thinking about doing a course specifically on open API because it's a very very very cool
topic to get into so hopefully at some point in the future I will do that.
But for right now there's a self study assignment to get into open API here.
I just want to focus on spraying and spraying rust docs it's a great tool to use especially if you are
in a spring programming shop.
I cannot emphasize enough how important it is to have accurate API documentation because you are not
the only person that's going to be using that API.
So chances are you're going to be in a large development organization at a company you might be working
with dozens if not hundreds of other people that are going to be working with your API.
So having good API documentation is absolutely critical.
Spring rust Axe is a great tool because it integrates with your unit test and allows you to generate
test and API documentation at the same time so highly recommended to use or at least something else
like open API.
That's another great tool to check out.